c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\SampleTableStorage.exe.config
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\SampleTableStorage.exe
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\SampleTableStorage.pdb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Azure.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\CsvReader.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Hyak.Common.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Common.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Common.NetFramework.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Management.Batch.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\CsvReader.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\CsvReader.Azure.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Hyak.Common.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Common.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Common.NetFramework.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.KeyVault.Core.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Azure.Management.Batch.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.Desktop.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.pdb
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\obj\Debug\SampleTableStorage.csproj.App.config
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\obj\Debug\SampleTableStorage.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\obj\Debug\SampleTableStorage.exe
c:\users\peter\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SampleTableStorage\SampleTableStorage\obj\Debug\SampleTableStorage.pdb
